[Music]
Hey looking good what is the best the
world-famous Marwin marx art
installation so that's a guy Yeah right
up there some Nazi thugs jumped him it's
a miracle he survived I was a hell of a
good artist and now I can barely write
my name so my dolls have to tell the
story
at your service members all
I just moved in across the street if
that other details who are they they're
Nazis torturing hoagie why because he's
different
the women of Marwan protect me you are
safe
a toast just for you there are the dogs
people you know yeah everyone has a
place here in Marwan I just moved in
across this gene so are you gonna go to
the sentencing no suffering human being
I want these guys to get more than just
a slap on the wrist it's important that
you're there to look your assailant
straight in the eye I'm not really sure
how to do this
are you gonna man up and put it into
this crap what are you talking about
we're one in the same pal if I can be a
hero so can you maybe the dolls should
stay in the car I never go anywhere
without my back
parents like you gotta embrace their
pain
it's the only way Marc's gonna heal I
got your back okay bottoms up girls
but I heard you yelling for more gumbo
no no gumbo love opinion
hey is our rocket fuel
I have my art and I have my friends I
have hope it'll be okay
hell yeah that's kind of violent but at
least the Nazis are dead
[Music]